c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClientManager\ClientManager\bin\Release\ClientManager.exe.config
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClientManager\ClientManager\bin\Release\ClientManager.exe
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClientManager\ClientManager\bin\Release\ClientManager.pdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClientManager\ClientManager\obj\Release\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClientManager\ClientManager\obj\Release\App.g.cs
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClientManager\ClientManager\obj\Release\ClientManager_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClientManager\ClientManager\obj\Release\ClientManager_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClientManager\ClientManager\obj\Release\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClientManager\ClientManager\obj\Release\ClientManager.g.resources
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClientManager\ClientManager\obj\Release\ClientManager.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClientManager\ClientManager\obj\Release\ClientManager.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClientManager\ClientManager\obj\Release\ClientManager.exe
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClientManager\ClientManager\obj\Release\ClientManager.pdb
C:\Lavori\ClientManager\ClientManager\ClientManager\bin\Release\ClientManager.exe.config
C:\Lavori\ClientManager\ClientManager\ClientManager\bin\Release\ClientManager.exe
C:\Lavori\ClientManager\ClientManager\ClientManager\bin\Release\ClientManager.pdb
C:\Lavori\ClientManager\ClientManager\ClientManager\obj\Release\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Lavori\ClientManager\ClientManager\ClientManager\obj\Release\WindowUtente.g.cs
C:\Lavori\ClientManager\ClientManager\ClientManager\obj\Release\App.g.cs
C:\Lavori\ClientManager\ClientManager\ClientManager\obj\Release\ClientManager_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Lavori\ClientManager\ClientManager\ClientManager\obj\Release\ClientManager_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Lavori\ClientManager\ClientManager\ClientManager\obj\Release\MainWindow.baml
C:\Lavori\ClientManager\ClientManager\ClientManager\obj\Release\WindowUtente.baml
C:\Lavori\ClientManager\ClientManager\ClientManager\obj\Release\ClientManager.g.resources
C:\Lavori\ClientManager\ClientManager\ClientManager\obj\Release\ClientManager.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Lavori\ClientManager\ClientManager\ClientManager\obj\Release\ClientManager.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Lavori\ClientManager\ClientManager\ClientManager\obj\Release\ClientManager.exe
C:\Lavori\ClientManager\ClientManager\ClientManager\obj\Release\ClientManager.pdb
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ClientManager\ClientManager\obj\Release\ClientManager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ClientManager\ClientManager\obj\Release\WindowUtente.g.cs
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ClientManager\ClientManager\obj\Release\WindowUtente.baml
C:\Users\Michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClientManager\ClientManager\bin\Release\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\Michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClientManager\ClientManager\bin\Release\MySql.Data.Entity.dll
C:\Users\Michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClientManager\ClientManager\bin\Release\MySql.Data.Entity.EF6.dll
C:\Users\Michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClientManager\ClientManager\bin\Release\MySql.Web.dll
C:\Users\Michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClientManager\ClientManager\bin\Release\MySql.Data.xml
C:\Users\Michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClientManager\ClientManager\bin\Release\MySql.Data.Entity.EF6.xml
C:\Users\Michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClientManager\ClientManager\bin\Release\MySql.Web.xml
C:\Users\Michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClientManager\ClientManager\obj\Release\ClientManager.csproj.ClientManager.exe.config
C:\Lavori\ClientManager\ClientManager\bin\Release\ClientManager.exe.config
C:\Lavori\ClientManager\ClientManager\obj\Release\ClientManager.exe
C:\Lavori\ClientManager\ClientManager\obj\Release\ClientManager.pdb
C:\Lavori\ClientManager\ClientManager\obj\Release\ClientManager.csproj.ClientManager.exe.config
C:\Lavori\ClientManager\ClientManager\obj\Release\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Lavori\ClientManager\ClientManager\obj\Release\WindowAbi.g.cs
C:\Lavori\ClientManager\ClientManager\obj\Release\WindowUtente.g.cs
C:\Lavori\ClientManager\ClientManager\obj\Release\App.g.cs
C:\Lavori\ClientManager\ClientManager\obj\Release\ClientManager_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Lavori\ClientManager\ClientManager\obj\Release\ClientManager_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Lavori\ClientManager\ClientManager\bin\Release\ClientManager.exe
C:\Lavori\ClientManager\ClientManager\bin\Release\ClientManager.pdb
C:\Lavori\ClientManager\ClientManager\bin\Release\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Lavori\ClientManager\ClientManager\bin\Release\MySql.Data.Entity.dll
C:\Lavori\ClientManager\ClientManager\bin\Release\MySql.Web.dll
C:\Lavori\ClientManager\ClientManager\bin\Release\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Lavori\ClientManager\ClientManager\bin\Release\MySql.Data.xml
C:\Lavori\ClientManager\ClientManager\bin\Release\MySql.Web.xml
C:\Lavori\ClientManager\ClientManager\bin\Release\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\Lavori\ClientManager\ClientManager\obj\Release\MainWindow.baml
C:\Lavori\ClientManager\ClientManager\obj\Release\WindowAbi.baml
C:\Lavori\ClientManager\ClientManager\obj\Release\WindowUtente.baml
C:\Lavori\ClientManager\ClientManager\obj\Release\ClientManager.g.resources
C:\Lavori\ClientManager\ClientManager\obj\Release\ClientManager.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Lavori\ClientManager\ClientManager\obj\Release\ClientManager.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Lavori\ClientManager\ClientManager\bin\Release\bin\gym.ico
